"Programação em Python do básico ao avançado" Udemy course exercise list offered by Geek University:

1. Implement a program that prompts the user for an integer and prints it.

2. Implement a program that prompts the user for a real number and prints it.

3. Implement a program that prompts the user for 3 integers and prints their sum.

4. Implement a program that prompts the user for a real number and prints its square.

5. Implement a program that prompts the user for a real number and prints its fifth part.

6. Read a temperature in Celsius and display it on the screen converted to Fahrenheit.
The conversion formula is: F = C*(9.0/5.0)+32.0, where C is the temperature in Celsius
and F is the temperature converted in Fahrenheit.

7. Read a temperature in Fahrenheit and display it on the screen converted to Celsius.
The conversion formula is: C = 5.0*(F - 32.0)/9.0, where C is the temperature in Celsius
and F the temperature in Fahrenheit. 

8. Read a temperature in Celsius and display it on the screen converted to Kelvin.
The conversion formula is: K = C + 273.15, where C is the temperature in Celsius
and K is the temperature in Kelvin.

9. Read a temperature in Kelvin and display it on the screen converted in Celsius.
The conversion formula is: C = K - 273.15, where C is the temperature in Celsius
and K is the temperature in Kelvin.

10. Read a velocity in km/h and display it on the screen converted in m/s.
The conversion formula is M = K/3.6, where K is the velocity in km/h 
and M is in m/s.

11. Read a distance in miles and display it on the screen converted in kilometers.
The conversion formula is: K = 1.61 * M, where K is the distance in kilometers
and M is in miles. 

12. The amount of $780,000.00 will be divided into three winners of a contest.
The total amount will be distributed as follows:
 - The first winner will receive 46%;
 - The second will receive 32%;
 - The third will receive the remaining. 
 Calculate and print the amount received for each winner. 

13. Read four grades, calculate the arithmetic mean and print the result.

14. Read an integer and print its predecesor and its successor.

15. Read three values and display on the screen the result of the sum of their squares.

16. A company hires at $30.00 a day. Implement a program that prompts the user for the number of days worked
and prints the net amount to be paid, considering an 8% income tax deduction.

17. Implement a program that converts a lowercase letter to a uppercase letter.
